Thursday 24 Feb 2022
====================

- db reset
- restart hasura
- run cypress test
- dump database
- repeat

The Berners Street Hoax 
========================

https://www.historytoday.com/archive/months-past/berners-street-hoax

On 27 November 1809, a bet between two friends brought a large part of London to a standstill.

At around 5am there was a knock on the door of 54 Berners Street, an unassuming
house just north of Oxford Street, London. It was a chimney sweep, who claimed
he had been called to the address. The maid suggested he was mistaken and he
went on his way.

A few moments later another sweep arrived with the same story, then another
until the exasperated maid had sent away 12 in total. But the sweeps were only
the beginning. Next came coal carts, each claiming they had a large order for
number 54, something Mrs Tottenham, the owner, assured them she had not
requested.

Hot on their heels came the cake makers, each carrying 10-guinea wedding cakes.
Then doctors began calling and in their wake came apothecaries, surgeons and
lawyers, followed by vicars and priests to minister to the resident within who,
they had been told, was dying. Outside, a group of rather bemused undertakers
waited with bespoke coffins.

By now the streets were becoming congested, not helped by the arrival of
fishmongers, bootmakers, shoemakers, haberdashers, hatmakers, butchers’ boys
and a queue of pianos. News travelled and the Governor of the Bank of England,
the Lord Mayor of London, the chairman of the East India Company and even the
Duke of Gloucester arrived to gawk.

Opposite number 54 Berners Street stood Samuel Beazley, who an astute observer
might have noticed handing his friend Theodore Edward Hook a guinea. Hook had
undoubtedly won his bet: that, within a week, he could transform any house in
London into the most talked-about in the city. To win, he sent out 4,000 orders
or requests, to tradesmen, professionals and dignitaries, requiring them to
present themselves at Mrs Tottenham’s. In the process he brought a large part
of London to a standstill and triumphantly won his wager. Later that day he
retired to the country to avoid retribution.
