Friday 01 Jan 2021
==================

Video: https://youtu.be/4aKuBfBRwLM

---

FIRST DAY OF 2020

---

Waking up at 0700! Feeling pretty awake for only a few hours sleep.

Morning run from 0815 - 0900 :: running up to the Obelisk on One Tree Hill in
bare feet. Did 20 push ups + 20 burpees at the top and then ran back down.
Listening to music + HH Celtic Holocaust.

Lounging around in the morning while waiting for everyone to get ready for
lunch.

Lunch at King's Plant Barn in Orakei. Rather overpriced menu - I ordered a
cheese, onion, fried egg toastie (off the kids menu for $10) and a slice of
walnut/date loaf for $5.

While we there I called Dad and wished the family a Happy New Year.

Jo has arrived in Panama -- she gets to travel through the canal to the Pacific
ocean! They are starting the journey tomorrow afternoon.

Very hot - clear blue skies, no breeze. Struggling to stay awake in the aftenoon.

Chris G is modding his boat -- "Percy's Revenge". He has plans to build a
hinged platform at the front to store cargo and also be strong enough to stand
on.

We at burritos again for dinner, same ingredients as yesterday, just as
delicious! Chris G opted to have nachos instead (he had some food he had to use
up).

Anna melted a block of Whittaker's Creamy Milk chocolate and we had fondue!
Dipping strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, pineapple and marshmallows. I
finished most of it off after everyone had had their fill. I think melted
chocolate tastes better than regular chocolate because it has more surface
area.

Played Exploding Kittens with Hannah, Chris S, Chris G and Anthony. We were
using a random subset of the deck (which contains all 3 expansions) -- this is
a fun way to get the game started, but means that it is very unlikely to get a
2/3 pair of cat cards. I think next time we should always include these cards
(along with the Feral Cats) and then include a random sample of other cards.

We also played several rounds of Bananagrams during the day, such a great word
game (way better than Scrabble!). If we go out to a cafe I should bring it
along with us.

Packed up for an earlier night around 10pm.

Still reading (and enjoying) "Permutation City". It's a longer book than I
had expected.

investments
-----------

Deposited another $2k in a 6 month term deposit as part of rebuilding my safety
net. I would like to increase the runway to 12 months, but I will wait until
May to start that.

It would be awesome to have this process automated...

I've also put another $2.5k into the Simplicity growth fund.
