Sunday 13 Dec 2020
==================

afternoon
---------

Booked my bike wheel into MyRide to get repaired.

They should text me tomorrow to come and pick it up.
I miss my bike already.

I cleaned up my skateboard and went for a cruise around town.
It's been a few months since I last used it.

I noticed that there is a new basketball court at Kuirau park.
I picked up a cheap basketball from Rebel Sport and took it home.
Mum dropped James and Me off at the courts, and we practiced shooting hoops for half an hour.

A couple of the local kids said hi and tried to teach us how to play "Masters". 
I didn't really understand the rules and I can't find it online.

transcription
-------------

Ok. We are recording now.

It's Sunday morning, though I don't know which sunday. I used to know the days
of the month quite well.  Let's take a stab -- Sunday the thirteenth of
December.

Today is going to be a quiet day, but I have a couple things to do.

- I need to take my bike in to bike shop for a few repairs. The back wheel is a rather bent out of shape, so I need to get it unbent.
- I also need to book in a haircut for James, and perhaps a haircut for myself as well. It would be nice to have it tidied up for christmas.

This is the first time I'm trying this -- recording a voice memo while walking with a cup of tea down the road.
I had the idea this morning where to try it instead of sitting down and typing into a laptop.
It's much nicer to go for a walk without the distraciton of having the internet in front of me. I am simply walking around and talking to myself.

I hope that the recording is clear enough so that a computer generate a text transcription.
I know that smartphones support dictation, so it should be possible to convert an audio recording as well.
It's a bit windy out this morning, but that's okay -- I've got a windshield to protect against noise.

I expect there will we be a bit of editing required (much more than you expected as well!).

...

I didn't add honey to my tea this morning.
The past couple of mornings I've been treating myself with honey in my tea.  It's a delicous drink.
The problem is i'm trying to do intermittent fasting and it doesn't really count if you start the day with a honey tea instead of spiking your blood sugar, kicking your system in to go, when you injest all that honey.
So I have forgone the honey this morning, I'm just having a plane tea. A little splash of milk is okay, makes all the difference.

I will save the honey for later, have a nice big lunch never honey  -- or maybe an after lunch tea? Yes, it's much better as an afternoon drink than a morning drink.

So, out walking with the microphone.

I though I would reflect on all the things that happened yesterday, because it
was a pretty interesting day yesterday.  I didn't spend a lot of time
journaling or noting down what happened and I think just talking about it will
be easier to get that done. Sitting down to write down what happened yesterday
doesn't particularly appeal to me. I'd just rather talk about it, you know?
(We're going to see how many times I say you "know you". I 'm going to try and stop saying those two words for the rest of this).

So yesterday in hindsight was a pretty good day.
It started out being "australia day".
Now i don't believe anywhere else in the world was officially celebrating it as "australia day", apart from the Czabania household, but it was "australia day" to us.
I got the idea off Jo -- she's been having when I call "family foreign food day"
back at her home. She had her a French day and a Spanish day, where the entire meal (breakfasts, lunches and dinners) and other family activities were centered
around a different culture. I thought that was quite clever and I wanted to do something quite similiar, but I know my family, and not being particularly well versed on different cultures. 
We decided to with something simple and something linking back to my own heritage and ancenstory.

My dad's australian, mum and dad both lived in Australia for a substantial period of
time and I was born in Australia, so was my brother -- we haven't spent much time there.
So, it seemed a good candidate for Family Foreign Food day.

Even though the foods of australia and New Zealand are very very close indeed -- many of the
popular Australian foods are also considered popular New Zealand foods. There is also a silly rivarly,
of who "owns" which food -- a lot of kiwis will claim that Pavlova, TimTams, Mince Pies, Lamingtons and Fairy Bread are all kiwi classics (but so will Aussies).

There are a few unique dishes that I came across, one of those is Damper bread.

I think this was commonly made by the early settlers in Australia, who would
bake it over the coals of their fire. It's a simple bread that doesn't require
any yeast -- just flour, baking powder, salt and water.

The recipe I was using only suggested to use a "hot" oven, without giving a
specific temperature. I guess this is because it doesn't matter too much.

I found this recipe book quite funny (it's the 1992 Australian Women's Weekly Cooking Class Cookbook).
The entire chapter labeled "Vegetables" contains just three recipes, two for deep frying potatoes and one for deep frying onion rings.

priss a viper temperature this was a very funny cookbook its early as one money
found in her collection i believe from australia woman's weekly now has a
recipe to damper does you what to put him that as he had her make the dough a
man says place than a hot oven for fifteen minutes into a golden brown and ike
that a hot oven on another pages in a very hot oven a minute takes it down to a
moderate temperature sir it gives you in a rough idea of how linen with exact
temperatures i very important i guess if you consider that be the scene
original its trillion settlers are going to to be using ovens it is put her on
calls is no temperature control so small effect of this find somewhere hard
place bread i like that now on a slight tangent this cookbook of his cookbook i
found quite humorous because even its ads from to another generation with
sullivan a different different to you on on health food cousin with healthy
recipes are some vegetarian teaches and stuff but it's got us to section a
section on on vegetables we turn to page thirty eight to check out know what
vegetable dishes may have and you all pre presented with potato scollops out of
us you know camilla to with a to stop it is a potato that has been sliced am in
deep fried and its are some he did here i never a fish egyptian in edi pride
slacks potato anything like a here i gave is a vegetable technically well
whatever dishes to have he turned the page and you presented with with for
chips in a french fries i believe a disk rabbit as which is a potato that is
sliced and not just once but twice to get into a chip shape am in deep fried
and then on the opposite page you have french fried onions sonata potato hold
given reached for him taken a new slatter done to ring same in deep re each of
those rings are having the map is a better world is well i'm not sure but you
turned the page and your suddenly on to rice and pastries or passed this year
what a nice and pastors sir be here in near it i have vegetable section as us
powder had a deep prey potatoes and onions jacket was quite many why even
bother calling at vegetables that's that now anyway so made damper and the
morning for breakfast i took about a time the a family to wake up there be like
the morning sleep and on saturday so the liver wasn't to ten am in that
everybody is was worth finally roused out of the bed member put together some
bacon and eggs some fried bacon fred exod are adequate breakfast i tried did
you might for the first time in a long time i went are trying the gym like when
i was much younger and being disgusted by the taste but i consider myself to
have her you must have advanced my palette and had another crack at it special
the damp i think it in a straight in good you mind a stray him bread misses the
us is worth trying people do like it you might so it's or school to be is or be
something to live in code is my opinion to towards most folks over of the
substantial group people eating it there's got to be something to it says for
me or my own opinion that sir that's wrong saying i have had some amid you
might on their pen he lets is very intense five are very strong yeast flavor
that's all for the desperate yet very strong labor that takes of the whole
mouth harriet be makes you pay to you took and i can see the appeal i had
applied or twice in mind i imagined i could give us an thing to to bananas by
his had little bit every day i would sooner to to like it to enjoy it i've got
some leftover damp or maybe i'll try i will i will try her a bit more bed you
my under damper just a little better but that's what you need a really we do
n't just have a stray and bread for breakfast are also had some australian
music a big fan of the ditch a reduced rate an aberration of instrument long
pipe the kind of place a mouth up one end and make humming noise is an apple
eyes it out he makes a mink sounds a bit like dob step but had my to busy is
called ditch and last event in a good ditch bad light a bit adige as a great
word it anyway has another whether it right away to anyway anyway i was looking
for a good did bad because i have an i want to play sunday music while a a good
breakfast and searching searching for advance and their as one i was looking
for particular i couldnt in the name of good in the but much of anything but
sir one in appears to play back in the day and stumbled across a backward gone
to one a land now gone to on a as as or so of prehistoric continent i believe
in overland messes with joined together as called on to on a this band called
and warned vital and one word and i got some good sox it was an good degree do
music i was unsure of her soul an appearance blessing to buy what this would do
this will get people go that go now been called terror in cookie to has got us
uncle dropped yet but a good found to it so put on some some ditch music
everybody and are a good as good way to awaken body of the word sounded injury
to calling out in the kitchen i am far from home when do i know the whole walk
us overhaul work will get passes or rather rough pavement sir enough in me back
on my skin a and of the whole of course asked by here yeah it turned out yet
out but my mac she has gone to annul and let the dogs out on a final so that
was the the band i was thinking on so as by pressing myself for imagined her
pick that one out yes we listen to that music up back many memories of
appearance for lunch i took things a step further the day before cried i had
visited then the in for the peas i needed to get some dried peas so i can make
peace soup i was making peace so because i wanted to make a famous self
australian dish as very popular and adelaide could pie floater now i am not i
was unsure in the year the appeal of the pie flow which is to be clear a a a
bowl of green pea soup with a steak pie upside down in the middle of top with
tomato sauce the idea doesn't empty to the advertising why ruin a perfectly
good bye bye submerging it and pea soup but there is something to wear as i
made the they made the peace open the morning which in was simple enough though
the trick is what is getting the peas and soaking them overnight us that
preparation once if you got that dana to be a sort of need to pee soaking up
the night they turned bright green they get a bit bigger even wrote them off
and ideally find a way to take the shelves off the peace but i do n't of us and
so turned out fine you ben get some chicken stock we had the in other the can
stuff where kelly k two teaspoons of her data to alice is and hot water service
be called for a half k d five hundred grams of the blue boy love peace been an
had blue piece which i considered close enough to go half cagey up his piece
set them other night and it also wandered one point two liters of chicken slop
which i mixed to give firmly jutta stock an ant somewhere like about a teaspoon
or to a baking soda sodium bicarbonate so you've got these peas boiling away
and chicken stock and baking soda i am when someone said winning is it simmer
for no for did forty minutes enterprise recipe so we'll until it dead goat
swing and james and i went off on our baxter the shops to get some good it gets
a big bowl in tomato sauces to to run out in a pickup to make up a mistake pies
from the local bakery little warm a bakery in some good pies thinking and put
the of the even make a good serpent and good parts so evil word home with her
big bald man a sauce and for pies hair bakery the next you have any vegetarian
price which i was surprised to see so we got to say come at him to stay in
checks classic eyes had made a good cry in a while i am last to ask i had was
an chef lee with which is a fantastic pie but i have met implies that often to
see you sir and i do n't feel too guilty about it he the supreme us about one
thirty at this point one thirty pm thirteen thirteen twenty for our o'clock at
night paper on hand we assembled the pie a flutter it sir james was a n't too
keen on the idea but he was in having his pie any other way i had assisted the
street i guess to we're really the pie flow to the so it took a bolt us to a
big laden was off thick green pea soup place the next you're pretty good am i
say i added but a salt pepper but i was pleasantly surprised by the by the
taste of pea soup to sit even better when you put it be bigger cheesy stake
pyrite the middle of it up so down not sure why upside down but are we put
upside down am in a couple big blobs of tomato sauce on time when we got stuck
at and as a good everyone enjoyed it a menace the pie is not a coin purse a
soup that's ok that is very filling me up i of filling enough by herself but
added a hearty serving of piece suit really knows you are i have you got some
piece of deft over so maybe will well pick their up again today and is a little
for commercial learn a new idea his head of in a fun at an adventure at man
show the something of a different dead enjoyed it either he was telling us to
fond memories of giving class of one going down after after the pub to find her
up i wagon and getting her replied flowed up so that was much and it was for
this light plan for a strain an old know i forgot your some a damning tons are
loving is on those things of the race you find a news and as well how many many
a popular choice many a pop it was a popular to us to get it of a hurry you
have a pie and alarming ton sir but are so that i had done made before but seem
simple enough to take her if you may kiss find yourself if you if you want a
more few happened or he had some some three made sponge muscle de souza which
we happen to have big slab of sponge cake great to go so we needed whilst whip
up some icing and if attack o'connor the icing was full of sugar as i sickly i
seemed sugar aside a cigarette finer i am cocoa powder buttermilk this can mix
together heated up and into the sponge into cubes to pin the icing m and a
coconut and are changed to help me for the spit made the ice and to be ready
and needed the he did the dipping and i think in any quite enjoyed their which
was good i mean they turned out fantastic come in when he had talking about
sponge cake dipped in i sent sugar and cocoa uncovered in taking up charity go
on so we had where lambing tons for dessert at on the way to the suit unlike
other on the way back from said margaret a tomato sauce james stopped at the
roadside prove ed g van damme bought some i bought a palette of strawberries
for for a good deal and she quite right of him for doing that i was happy to a
cycle past where he stopped bait this robberies picked him up and took him home
as we had strawberries if you're good and addington for the desert we will
treat the and there was a stray new day i was for we're pad for dinner we had
to concurred bob's whiskey kneecap to come in score certain on particular a
straight a master what we had a straight and morning then in a strain afternoon
with me i stepped is a good down it's a good day islam but after making the
lambing tons and are so having to do a way of the the left of icing coconut and
seven a set of gold bling all that sugar down on takes the in spanish gag you
and there was a foot of a sugar rush and i i felt me into to burn their off of
it so it is really picking up wooden now tapping this might refer to weaken our
james and i went up for a bat right went to the first not just a regular by
turning our town of want to do some mountain biking undergo up some hills and
down some wholesome sir we sat without other to worry about the by park and red
room i did n't see many people us about four thirty you but later we got any
now busting for a loofah yes you intimate backing is good but i we were string
round kid sloop to warm up we are going through here he may gusher start with a
man kid slope and when we you went up the quick track we done the quick trek
before but i am thickly enjoyed it for handsome overcome nation of eye drops
interns are but two advanced to be comfortable as they can die right it was
fined house opened the creek track for the while growing up her so of the
ladder have what we had done done before and during that there is a good behind
us on electric not and white said the whizzing past answer you have to bobby
thing we fund or to take james out on a late recount and like sunday mister
tribe as the to move beyond i should not unlike jameson in bandages out like
butter it'd be fun to do tom and yes we were no a creek trek down the way back
to the on the main road so i get up there to be huge hill to get to the the top
of now in aware of letters enter the star of with downhill tracks guard here we
did a river james had a done that before i'd done it a few times quite a quite
tough on track for me i am and shoving james enjoyed it he was there in some
found her on the downhill bumps and slightly way back up again we are last
track which is the the down the challenge roadside downhill track lots of what
a speed was the first turns on deck very enjoyable i picked up her a water boil
of out for of someone's wife but like an ice water bought for she is but a
crack in the top but i think we might be at a fix that with her little silicon
of something to see about up make it what a tight that enemy not a particular
need of a water bottle right now and yet butter and fortune me up on finishing
the downhill track i decided to make a silly mistake and stopped side on and
need of a track and james came screaming down and it is it easily over issues
of his brakes took a nap the of those fixed as well so what to do on and just
die so that got us front wheel i answered in a hit side on to my bike nothin my
back will then figures anything or until i tried to ride away and found that
better my wheel was jammed against a break and so what happens the you done in
a wheel was now and shape and as it rotated around and we almost no out of
shape and dropping its a break i couldn't with james or was really the unica
tried to hit my to the was in his thought i should not stopped at the end of a
trap like that and we tried the fixed to we'll be in the back but give a tried
to to bend a circle back into us a straight shape if for no tools is not easy
we go dismayed or worse i knew i what i did was disconnect the rear brakes of
it was no no rubbing up against the wheel and cycled slowly home in a safe
manner using only the front brake and hoped that the the back wheel would hold
out which it we met at home ah yes i'd play ever did i take the to slake the
rear wheel from the back take it into the black sharp and get it fixed are
hardly a counter a parent i ever was look at getting a new back wheel but
should be fined evil way ahead and the evening will sir watched the green man
with what says them terry thomas alec guinness no not a lincoln us gosh i
forgot no be actors name system good that's a green man is in a is the one
where a guy as i don't mister funny old funny old comedy really a thing alec
cold alex cold on a cold someone in the other gain over crazy eyes and know
harry when he was shut fares enjoyed it someday midi we had ever watched him it
is a beggar why i have at your affection i've given his envy h s but you
neither years and i've always watching soften why are we have what she's movies
and years so screwed to could to get those out thing come under them off and
free watch a movie dust dig through a cupboard was a reason we brought them as
we get small you saddle him i hear so so the family live is all we went out for
her for a evening dr rare event not quite there what i was looking for a to get
to the lake pass the plank the family to the lake as well of the christmas a
skid of like like like like having picnic at the like that supply morning ah
but house after dinner no just had a our dinner and which leave the body got
ready and we finger sort of in the car just just as the sun was setting drover
drove around town to the lake front to subpoena am even in the car will happen
that often just the con sections quite funny as we just it to dry brown and had
look at what's happening and road a roof which is a n't a lot but still go get
it when home mortar movie had the lambton strawberries and you again good day
they said the good dabbing i've been reading snow crash by neal stephenson i
believe now it is an interesting book starts out talking about the deliberate
or a high speed pizza delivery eyes on having a good time and is the been
conditions some interesting book was the where a ghost answer that sister i
also being working on miss old mush girl go not a spare a few civil our sister
they were gone up tried get received snap doing the right thing i am because i
been right just said most of least a district factor in it to use typescript
house in a big fan a toxic when it can happen i am i'm convinced to see as you
is the only way to ride a bigger a big pratique and of script leave a small
project is having type safety is fantastic beasts where it was written flow but
i think yet touch clips a way to go time when i'd still man i would not lie
buried in a tight grip nasser her place last a phantom basically means i can
see you know now wicket is nil a breeze what works what doesn't say it i think
a plane us to put a few hours of it today get to and get the iris each supply
be working is the plan whitewater got army this week well not much tomorrow i'm
i'm not taken today off to her but i am spending as a learning and development
de ser to be going that i committed myself to learning about haskell and are
anyone late about haskell but trouble reason i have and done it before but even
functional programming which is people like him in some to put a and as one
those languages the this looks like magic to me you know the to stop to many
symbols why not us he may either be any reason behind a zenith learn a new
language right summing in their simply ca good idea calm and also has sir now
graph telegraph to engines were using as written in post not britain and ask a
letter is named can trump as or haskell who knows maybe sister a coincidence
sir the i'm not sure what a good goal the learning languages a buddhist write a
simple come on line stock or a web server yes oh to the web server that's
always a good finger right right get a web server going in i still find out
what that's like the look on my line happen even tuesday from old mim addenda
after they were got to work christmas do what you'll be no answer that's on the
stairs of its or tuesday afterwards between second key my to state mixed or
been so you to status rigor to the the wednesday as a regular wednesday
thursday starts out as a regular first day but quickly becomes a truck to op
and in the afternoon so stout work in early in grabbed a bass in the afternoon
get up to auk one to and crashing on the couch overnight am in friday with got
friends miss with the mates and and gift exchanges and drinks and lord games
and or there should be fun evening probably be in awe quinta for saturday and
sunday and try and catch a ride down to road a room with the gang plan is to
find out who's doing what on the on friday am in look a bus on a because of it
today just pick out people find on a anyone traveling down tried her to write
shouting pitch a law much capital at the gentle of us the sort that the that's
well that's another to do yes esther the weaker head answer now i guess to god
thus long order according after explore to find a way to get on the computer
not easy getting things under the computer not enough and in say you have a
turn to make a bite file how do you and you get that somewhere a dozen involve
uploading it so some mission a service in in down owning it again not easy the
founders software called ear transfer which is quite clever set at it runs in
your from that starts a when server posted on your father you been connect to
from your computer you kick to it shows you a directory listing and anything
down load farmers trauma which he seems pretty good up a good as alert as well
and unchecked but yes sir i can use that is optically fast but it it's while to
i guess if you've gotten back maybe even a windows computer you can news air
drop or i tunes courses and exist in the knicks so that service s of alexa
lenox issued on ideally you'd you could disconnect a cable and iowa lightning
cable and then copy far was that way maybe there's a way to do back i know the
suffer out there for connect in a bird lenox i west support should have look
and see what they have in the way of fire transfer seven not that sir that's a
thing i not something work and best again how cousin hoping better we can do
this more a few i got for a walk talking of a microphone come back converted
the text publish it as the journal filter will be an interesting way of
starting out blog posts i've been thinking about any make and of loving last
couple weeks and i think i i could start writing a small bog about my
investigations into a sorrow as a graph to our system come up some opinions on
an already about their relate fantasia nasr he liked to get a process where i
can cover for a walk talk no mike bohn come back easily convert that the text
and is it so he will see how because i get i got to sign off now am i what i
saw a small country i was a keep according and to until we get home i hear some
other things i'd like to do today i include going for a run be a good idea
about up or run that often last couple weeks so bigoted of some or running i
did some rang it from the mission over and in one run a road or s of a son
readily good am i need to continue setting up e mail i never once fines my name
disposal a stone dads can make sure be appointed to the so her server that is
someone look into his how hard is it to host your own email server the interest
in my mind there should be something anyone can do was set up an email server
here has to any now simple law but i know that to you know and spence graham
protection mom so to me system was the second us to afford to this clock anyone
who absurd you will cause i start with any stabbing people it's why it while he
voiced her own to the get past their protection ah so i wo n't see how a
fishing that aside my so i'm thinking first a radiated dark on which i don't
send many e mails from but i like to receive even else from stay ready to come
and i would like a meta cindy mouth from my head or butter so as yet will kind
how can someone some cyclical doctor or a nail server the unit says he can run
in on a small devious instance easy enough so might look at that could a rather
i got the host mahoney mill law been no pay someone else to do i am already
paid as though her for you but this works maybe we can look at are moving
moving went from that next you that's one thing to write your own an e mail
honor and your own now server another thing to run every what is he mouth you
know families e mail with their own now service or that summer to be a step
annexed by the are dumb just in a mess of so honest the time set that up as
well i also think about getting a nason network attached storage device ah
within a couple tara by disks in a raid back up our aid one mirror
configuration but that's not cheap stop cheap at all but i would allow me to i
back up my google photos until a local michael system potentially move away
from couple fetters entirely a lot short lines i don't like the idea of having
what my entire herd library only store on middle backer and giggle for the
summit talking about the cable star packed for service now on and so no worse
cases that paying for it which she not fair enough or was she been paying from
a funny start but like as a nasty track record of shutting down new services so
having a backup would me make me feel nicer and this be moving away from google
for does entirely would be good just not giving google entire access to worst
others and memories but it's or a hundred sixty two bites of compressed data i
need some when a storm at and a puppy be thinking around three hundred to four
hundred pick a bites of a third own video and you know is not that many
services out there that a living is anything as good as good all for a hotly
the other best really ah but if we can have a system that works swift tuttle
for us led us down out and keep a copy of anything sink to it amen if they do
go or becomes too expensive can look up are optional tenet of options and
there's assistant copper keep which looks particularly interesting better
robert bellah korea which lets you down load from google for discuss google
being good overtaking back a p after a t i may give you access to downloading
from google for those now it's become more to making a browser to the road for
you to ransoming to look into know what sir what is a good system the storage
odd way to some air but the in to look poor thing as or which is running click
and collect non stop to think we're pretty well i may be the about shutting
down at service at the end of us are are more operating it to run on its own
posted box on beat having having that service running running some things would
be good memory can look at upbraiding the look to acre the pits of ram was not
my mother i can ask you what some more breathing space be of its let's not the
ticket for today bets for nature eg not a few steps as morning you walk around
the block copper cheapest in for the learn a lot of talking i wonder ideas and
i gave in all the ideas in the morning makes me feel like this something to do
i i add the chicken of peat and catcher as well as he help you going you know i
hope her plea gift made it to my note arrive at their house but we've or not
they were still like their health to receive it as a another question to my
chicken of them see what they are up to them it is a push of hot once where you
have guests on meets mighty good enough to ask questions he has give them the
cavity and go for a walk and make a bet a bladder fills up and asked him some
questions us or our particular pleasant experience and walking around passing
them alone doping the spurs got a naked into the journal i get and a turn you
off for a second
