Tuesday 15 Dec 2020
===================

Todo
----

At 2 pm I have a virtual coffee scheduled with Pete. I'm looking forward to it.

I still have not heard from the bike repair shop about my wheel. If I haven't
heard anything by this afternoon then I will check in after my haircut at 3:30
pm.

I think this morning I will go for a bike ride -- oh no I can't because I don't
have a bike!

I would like to visit the supermarket and pick up some snacks (I'm thinking
apples, dates, almond butter, etc). I would also like to grab some chocolates
for Chris and Anna, to add to their present. 

I should read the Working Copy user's guide sometime:

https://workingcopyapp.com/manual.html

Haskell
-------

Yesterday I started learning Haskell  (the programming language). It's a lot
better than I expected! I spent a lot of time reading
http://learnyouahaskell.com -  Which is an excellent resource. I haven't made a
WebServer yet, but I have done some research into different libraries to use. I
think I will try and use Warp, which is used by Hasura and also claims to be
one of the fastest WebServer libraries for haskell.

Bike
----

I just had a call from the bike shop. They are unable to repair my rear wheel
unfortunately, so they suggest I pay $90 to buy a new one. That's a shame.

Haircut
-------

At 3:15pm James drove us down to Wilson's barbershop. I went to get some cash
out and James went in by himself. James had his booking but I had messed up my
booking (booked for Wednesday 3:30pm not Tuesday!).

All good, I'll sort out my booking for later this week. I left James in the
barbershop and walked to MyRide to purchase a new rear wheel.

geohot
------

Still watching George Hotz hack on Context Tree Switching:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9uum2tddqQ&t=51m49s

I should have a go at implementing it myself.

pete
----

I caught up with Pete this afternoon. He is doing well, getting to Uprising for
regular climbing practice with Ivan.

He is keen for me to join Loom -- I don't know. I'm still finding my feet at
Runn and I like how much autononomy I have.

I think Loom could be a better place to work, but I also want to dedicate more
time to my own projects.

bouldering
----------

I visited the Wall from 5pm to 5:45pm.
Completed a few more climbs. I should try talking to some of the guys there.

james
-----

James and I went out for an after dinner bike ride around town. I brought the
basketball with me and we practiced shooting hoops at Kuirau park for 15
minutes.
